personal story segment tonight dr. ben
Carson is now quoted as saying he may
have a calling to run for president of
the United States he said that on the
christian broadcasting network dr.
Carson joins us now from boynton beach
florida is that quote true doctor well
there's no question that I'm getting a
lot of indications that this is
something that I should consider very
seriously enormous crowds every place I
go people coming up to me at train
stations and airplanes every place I go
saying you have to do this so I'm
listening very carefully i have a
surgical personality and i evaluate
carefully all right now you know why
they're coming up to you don't you now
tell me why because you're on a factor
because you're on this program that's
happens there even if another I mean
they go up to Millar and Bernie Goldberg
and airy they go up to megan kelly i
mean that's what no but I mean again I
think if you do it you gotta kind of get
out front and we you know we'll talk
about that but let's say that you were
at the United States go ahead yeah well
I was just going to say and and I do
fully recognize that I represent a great
threat to a lot of what the Left
represents and that they will come in
and out of that everything they can I
understand that well what would I do it
no no yeah we're doing me let me pose a
question but I'll assure you if they
come after you in an unfair way we will
we will step up in and help you out with
that now so you are / that's good okay
and and there's no doubt that the
Republican House delayed immigration
reform and Boehner as a pretty hard guy
it doesn't seem to be a bender or
compromiser what would you do to try to
get some kind of fair deal going well
first I would recognize that there are
millions of Americans and inner cities
Appalachia countryside very poor very
desperate why don't we extend some help
to those people why don't we start
looking at ways that we can get them
into a better situation to move up in
our society that would be number one
number two as far as the immigrants are
concerned we need to do a couple of
things we need to reverse the polarity
of the magnet that is attracting them so
you get rid of all the various benefits
that are pulling them in here and you
have to secure the border those are
essential things to do and if you don't
do both of them it's simply not going to
work and then the other thing we have to
reckon we have to recognize is that
there are a lot of people here illegally
who are doing jobs that a lot of our
people don't want to do and we need to
to have them involved in a guest worker
type program that way so yeah they can
pay you something like right you sound
like almost like me in the sense that we
can work it out we could work so I and
and that's what I think President Obama
should have at least given them a chance
to do that before this constitutional
deal and that's what happened with
health care thing that's what happened
with health care they shoved it through
they didn't want to talk and it just
created animosity and that's what's this
going to do absolutely I'm President
Obama is going to go down as one of the
most divisive presidents in the history
of this country and that's absolutely
what's going to happen ok now it's shift
over to Missouri as a report today that
the attorneys for the police officer
Darren Wilson do not believe he is going
to be indicted by the grand jury and
that is leaked out it's a self-defense
play they believe that there's evidence
to show that the officer was under
assault or whatever if that is the case
it's speculation and you know it could
get pretty nasty out there how would you
calm things down well I would love to
see someone talking to the populace
they're helping them to recognize that
these are there are a lot of outside
agitators who are coming in while riling
them up and what are going to be the
consequences the Miller to
militarization of the police not only in
Ferguson but in other places now what
does that have what happens with that
when you start writing
police are militarize people die this is
not going to work out there are much
better ways if you feel that an
injustice has been perpetrated to get it
taken care of this is this is a we have
a good legal system here and you can
challenge it so they don't believe the
agitators and some African Americans say
the fix is in because of our skin color
we're never going to get a fair shot you
know they aren't saying that they just
need to think about this logically who's
going to wind up being hurt who's going
to wind up being killed just you know
fast forward a little bit and think
about this and let's think about it in a
logical way we might want to point out
that Michael Brown's father did appeal
for calm and peace and we admire mr.
Brown stance on that very much
absolutely thanks very much as always
coming on plenty more ahead as the fact
it moves long tonight from Boston Al
Michaels a friend of OJ Simpson's was
involved in that murder case he'll tell
us what happened then gutfeld McGurk on
why the USA is such a divided nation
will hope you stay tuned for those
reports
you